feat: add Cosmo Streams documentation (#187)
wundergraph/cosmo-docs: docs/router/metrics-and-monitoring.mdx

* `router.engine.messages.sent`: The number of total messages for subscriptions sent over from the subgraph to the router.

### Cosmo Streams Metrics

> We expose metrics for [Cosmo Streams](/router/cosmo-streams). These statistics are collected at the level when the message is sent to the messaging backend or directly received from the messaging backend.

Reviewer: I think `collected` is not the right term, because metrics are either pulled (Prometheus) or pushed (OTEL).
We just make sure to expose those metrics for the corresponding provider to collect those

```suggestion
We expose metrics for [Cosmo Streams](/router/cosmo-streams). New data points are emitted when new messages are either sent or received from the messaging backend
```

       ```
  </Tab>

  <Tab title="Cosmo Streams">

>     Cosmo Streams metrics contain only two metrics. To make sense of your data you need to filter by the attributes. The following examples give you a basic idea of how to use these two metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cosmo Streams exposes only two core metrics. To get meaningful insights, you’ll need to filter them using the available attributes. The examples below show how to work with these metrics effectively.
```
